What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
      Running git init will initialize a repository in the current directory.
       This creates a hidden folder (.git) in the directory. It does not create
       a commit, as it still doesn't know which files to commit. Without creating
       the repository, there is nowhere to save the meta data that allows us to
       look through previous commits.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
      Files are added to the staging area from the working directory (git add).
       However, they aren't committed yet(repository), but they are recognized
       by git in .git folder.
      This allows us to logically connect specific files into one commit, or keep
       them all in separate commits. We can group files or keep them separate,
       which will allow us to find changes that may have affected multiple files
       (ie. program files) or scan an unrelated file (ie. text document).

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
      You can can compare your staging area to the previous commit with the command
       git diff --staged. git diff will compare the working area to the staging
       directory, not to the previous commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
      Branches are helpful when trying experimental features, different language
       versions, and anything else that would not necessarily be your current
       master version. Another case would be a useable demo version without
       current features to be tested for bugs. Branches allow us to make these
       changes without editing the master branch, putting each different type
       (experimental, Italian version) in their own branch.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
      You are able to see the past history of each branch and understand the
       parent/child relationship of the commits. You can see where each branch
       starts, ends, and whether it was merged with the master or another branch.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
      The branches merge into one branch. The commits from the branches are all
       there, ordered by time. We can still check a commit against its parent
       with git show (commit id). git merge (branch) (branch) merges and
       git branch -d (branch) will delete a branch. When a branch is deleted you
       can still see it's previous commits.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
      Automatic merging is convenient and much faster than manual merging. With
       manual merging you will have to review all the code. If there has been a
       significant number of changes this may be the better option. Auto merge
       will find conflicts in the code that will need to be reviewed. It is
       generally more convenient.

       Commands:

       git add  |    Add a file to the staging area
       git commit  |    Commit the files from the staging area to the repository
       git status  |    Show which files are in the staging area, and which files from the working directory are not part of the repository
       git diff  |    Git diff without arguments is comparing the working directory with the staging area
       git diff --staged  |    Compare the staging area with the repository
       git reset --hard  |    Undo all changes! There is no rollback for this, so be carefull!
       git checkout master  |    Restore the "Head" to the latest check-in (this will be part of a later lesson/module)
       git log --graph --oneline <branch1> <branch2>  |    Show a visual representation of the commit history within different branches
       git checkout -b new_branch_name  |    Creates a new branch and do a checkout on this branch in one call instead of git branch new_branch_name and git checkout new_branch_name
       git merge branch1 branch2  |    Merge two branches, branch2 get merged into branch1
       git branch -d name  |    Remove the branch with the specified name
       git show commitId  |    Show the changes made in this commit compared to the previous version. This is working even after merging.
