When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
      Remote repositories are useful in a situation where you are collaborating with other people
       or working from multiple machines. As someone who bounces between 3 different devices when
       editing code it makes sense to have my repository stored in a location where it is easily
       pulled to any device. It is also convenient for sharing my work with others and getting feedback.
       
Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
      Manually pulling give you more control. There won't be any unexpected changes to you local version. You may be working in a
       repository with a new version of the code, but there may be bugs. I wouldn't want to add those bugs to my local version. I would
       want to wait until the bugs have been fixed.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
      Clone: A copy of a  repository. It will pull the commits and files from the specified repository. Great
       for copying a repository to your local device, or from local to a different location on your local device.
      Fork: A copy of a repository. It will pull the commits and files from the specified repository. The
       difference between a fork and a clone is the fork is now in your name, but not the original repository.
       You can make changes, but when you make a commit it does not update the original repository. Useful for
       sharing, collaborating, and getting feedback on a project. It prevents others from making changes to your
       original code if you don't want changes made. It also gives credit to your work.
      Branch: A branch is created by 'branching' a repository. Branching is used to fix bugs, try new features, and
      make changes that you may not necessarily want in the master copy of the repository.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
      When working offline you can check which changes are made in the online repository vs. the local.
       It is an easy way to check the remote version, and decide whether you are ready to merge your own
       branches into it. You can also perform the merge while offline.
